README.md, before:

# `ai_forum_qa_bot`

`ai_forum_qa_bot` is a Python package that allows question-answer interaction with the entire corpus of Alignment Forum posts. 


## Developer Quickstart

First thing to do is to create a virtual environment. Install `virtualenv` using
```
pip install virtualenv
```
Then create a virtual environment with
```
python -m virtualenv venv
```
This creates a virtual environment called "venv". Activate it via
```
source venv/bin/activate
```
Great! Now you're ready to install the package.

Install the development version of the package in editable mode to the environment with
```
pip install -e '.[develop]'
```
The package's configuration is in `pyproject.toml` (summary [here](https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/pyproject_config.html)). If you need a dependency, add it to this file.

Test the package install by opening Python and running `import ai_forum_qa_bot`.

The precommit hooks provide linting and autoformatting. Install them by running
```
pre-commit install
```
These will run automatically each time you commit.

Commit message:

Update readme to include quickstart stub.

README.md, after:

# `ai_forum_qa_bot`

`ai_forum_qa_bot` is a Python package that allows question-answer interaction with the entire corpus of Alignment Forum posts. 

## Quickstart

The example below shows how to run a question against the 

```
from ai_forum_qa_bot import QABot

bot = QABot(openai_api_key=...)
user_query = "Tell me what the promising routes are to become a cyborg today."
response = bot.query(query=user_query) # Returns a string containing the bot's answer. Easy peasy!
```

## Developer Quickstart

First thing to do is to create a virtual environment. Install `virtualenv` using
```
pip install virtualenv
```
Then create a virtual environment with
```
python -m virtualenv venv
```
This creates a virtual environment called "venv". Activate it via
```
source venv/bin/activate
```
Great! Now you're ready to install the package.

Install the development version of the package in editable mode to the environment with
```
pip install -e '.[develop]'
```
The package's configuration is in `pyproject.toml` (summary [here](https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/pyproject_config.html)). If you need a dependency, add it to this file.

Test the package install by opening Python and running `import ai_forum_qa_bot`.

The precommit hooks provide linting and autoformatting. Install them by running
```
pre-commit install
```
These will run automatically each time you commit.
